---
layout: default
description: Agenda Only, No minutes
date: 2013-07-02
time:
  open: "??:??"
  close: "??:??"
author: Unknown
signed: Unknown
tally: ?
---

## Agenda

Following up from the events of the last week, we need to hold a general meeting this coming Tuesday (02/07/2013 at 6:00pm) to discuss a few things.

We would like to discuss:
* Update Member Register
* Who has: Current Blue cards; First Aid Certificate
* First Aid - what equipment that we might need
* Connecting-Up
* makerCamp plans
* Plans for the space in general
* DSDIP / Northshore update

Items we need to vote on:
* A hosted server to be used for website and general administration of HSBNE
* Hosting meetup events at the space
* Do we continue Sean’s tenancy
* Do we continue personal tenancies
* What Tenancy Terms?
  * All storage and equipment and etc 100% at-own-risk
  * 30 days notice to leave (by request of the committee, or a group vote)
  * $1/sqm per month (this condition currently applies to Sean, but was removed from the list for the vote)
  * not interfere with (other) members
  * keep your shit tidy or else
  * Identify the specific space that is agreed to be leased and display publicly.
  * maintain HSBNE membership?
  * What can you use the space for?

Questions to the members:
* How do we attract new members?
* What are the executive not doing that they should be doing?
* Who is interested in taking on a specific task / area to work on / look after?

---

## Meeting

#### {{ page.tally }} Members Present

none

#### Notes

Opened
:{{ page.time.open }}

Minutes Currently Unavailable

Closed
:{{ page.time.close }}

#### Records

Minuted
:{{ page.author }}

Signed
:{{ page.signed }}


