---
layout: default
description: Agenda Only, No minutes
date: 2013-09-24
time:
  open: "??:??"
  close: "??:??"
author: Unknown
signed: Unknown
tally: ?
---

## Agenda

On Tuesday 24th September at 18:00 (6pm) the executives would like to hold a general meeting to,

1.  Sean has requested the opportunity to re-present his receipts to the group
2.  Sean would like to request 2 months rent in lieu of the fact that he spent his first 2 months at the space rehabilitating the space.
3.  Sam had a number of his tools stolen during the break in earlier this year.  We would like to discuss some options to reimburse him for some of the cost associated with the loss.
4.  Hayden has requested a vote on some cabling to improve the security at the space.
5.  You should have noticed the newly arrived Mill and Lathe at the space.  These are currently on loan to us.  The story is that they were up for sale and at the price that was wanted, they were too good to turn down.  As such Simon and Bear purchased them in their own capacity.  Simon and Bear have offered the space the opportunity to purchase them for the price they paid.  Failing which they will make alternative arrangements.  Total cost: $2095

There will also be some general updates on progress of other items, including the laser cutter and some upcoming events.

---

## Meeting

#### {{ page.tally }} Members Present

none

#### Notes

Opened
:{{ page.time.open }}

Minutes Currently Unavailable

Closed
:{{ page.time.close }}

#### Records

Minuted
:{{ page.author }}

Signed
:{{ page.signed }}

